We're making kimchi for the winter this week.
Your family is in Namhae.
- How can I go? - That's not my problem.
I'll text you the address and date later.
You're up early.
Yes.
That one's mine.
This is yours.
Okay.
Are you going out already?
Yes. I told Bok Nam I'd eat breakfast with him...
at the cafe.
I see.
Our lease agreement...
No, I mean our lease and marriage agreement.
I'm taking it out with me.
Your mother went through all the drawers two days ago.
I'll leave it at the cafe since that's more safe.
She won't be coming anymore.
- We had a talk, and I changed... - Sure.
It's not my problem what you two talked about.
You never know, so you should take yours to work too.
It would be awkward...
for someone to find the agreement.
Okay.
Okay, then.
Good job, Ji Ho.
It was perfect.
You didn't waver even once.
Poker face.
She's definitely mad at me.
Right?
(Two-year Term Lease Marriage Agreement)
Why did you go in there?
Let's go.
Wow. They're using a negative strategy.
They were going for the opposite of our app.
The problem is, it's working.
They're ahead of us in the app store after just a month of its release.
This app...
has sections for the parents' jobs and annual income.
It worked to lure in users that are conservative.
People that date with marriage in mind...
want to have proper relationships.
Mr. Nam, what do you think about this emergency situation?
The design's concept...
is excellent.
If they placed the event banner underneath the profile,
it would have been a lot better.
Mr. Nam.
I'm not asking you to share your appreciation for design.
Can you...
Shouldn't we change our concept at this stage?
I think it's dangerous to split up the dating market...
and the marriage market.
Even our app's name sounds wrong. "Dating Instead of Marriage"?
Who named our app?
But he's the only one that's married.
Okay, then. We'll have another concept meeting tomorrow.
Think about if we should continue to highlight dating,
or if we should change to something that encompasses marriage.
Think about it and we'll talk tomorrow.
- Okay? - Okay.
Why were you there?
You should have made them think you couldn't go.
You could have said you were busy.
I thought you were a good defender.
Ji Ho. It wasn't in our contract,
but this is the compensation for...
your unfair labor tonight.
Does he think he's Won Bin? Does he want me to name the price?
Did something happen with your landlord?
When did you take that?
It's not a bad deal.
Maybe I should get a contract marriage too.
You have a place and a motorcycle. You don't need to.
But it's completely different from having someone at home.
I'm lonely when I'm home alone.
You have your husband at home, so you wouldn't get lonely.
Hey. Do you know why they call husbands a husband?
Because they'll never be yours.
There's an old saying that goes, "Give easy dishes to your daughter,"
"while giving the hard dishes to your daughter-in-law."
A daughter-in-law that's like a real daughter?
She should have adopted a daughter instead then.
Seriously.
What is it?
Ji Ho.
You sound just like someone I know.
- Who? - The lady next door.
- What? - She's always...
talking bad about her husband with that face.
How can you make the exact same face?
You were so sweet when you first started working.
I never thought I'd see her face in yours.
I'd better not get married.
The app started off on the wrong foot.
"Dating Instead of Marriage" sounds very harsh.
It's too pessimistic.
- I said that. - I know.
We talked about this.
I told you.
That's why we should...
change our concept to support marriage.
Yes.
- Yes. - We need to change it.
Everyone, look at this.
Someone asked for a day off in this state of emergency.
- Shall we guess who it is? - It wasn't me.
"Request for a day off. Department: design".
"Name: Nam Se Hee".
It's Mr. Nam.
I have a personal business to attend and it's on a weekday.
What kind of office worker has business...
to attend on a weekday?
I have to go make kimchi.
Kimchi?
Kimchi? What's kimchi?
Is it a new program?
Do you mean...
you're making kimchi for winter?
Yes, that's it.
How far are you going to make kimchi...
- to take a day off? - To Namhae. My wife's.
No, my in-laws'. I'm going to make kimchi.
I haven't taken a day off this year.
I'd appreciate a speedy approval.
It'd be best to keep our app's name the way it is.
- Yes. - The current name is the best.
- Yes. - Let's go.
That's how scary marriage is.
(Episode 11)
Kimchi?
(Because This Is My First Beach)
You have this app too? "Dating Instead of Marriage"?
No, my boyfriend works for this company,
so I just downloaded it.
Really?
You received so many hearts.
It's nothing. It's just for fun.
That's true, you'll be married soon.
Did you set the date yet?
What?
We're still talking about it.
Did you check the lunch reservations?
- Yes. - Yes.
Hello?
Yes, Mother.
Yes, yes. You're in Seoul?
Pardon?
You're downstairs?
I'll be right out.
You should have dinner with Ho Rang and I.
I have to make dinner for my husband.
I had some time until my bus,
so I came to see my son-in-law instead of my daughter.
Son-in-law?
I saw the ring, and the rock is quite big.
I think you spent too much.
No, that's the least I can do for Ho Rang.
Yes.
I'm saying this because she's my daughter,
but there are no girls like her these days.
Once you get married, she'll be a good housewife.
She learned from me ever since she was young.
I know that.
Then...
When do you plan on having the wedding?
What did your parents say?
Well...
I haven't told my parents yet.
You should hurry up and tell them.
It's not good to drag on.
How long are you going to let Ho Rang live...
in a small place with Soo Ji?
Yes, that's true.
Are you still living in that rooftop house?
Yes, I'm still there.
Do they get hot water there?
What about the wind?
It's fine.
(Shim Won Seok and Yang Ho Rang)
Ho Rang, what are you talking about?
How can we get married two years later?
Why can't we get married? We saved up.
Pick the service you want.
We saved 500 dollars a month for two years.
That's 1,000 dollars for 24 months.
- That's... - Please take your bank book.
That's a lot of money.
Where did I take it off?
Did I never put it on at home?
Yes, Mr. Park.
Ms. Woo, what's taking you so long? Food is here.
Okay, I'm coming.
I'll keep my jacket on.
It's delicious.
Help yourselves.
I'm sweating.
It's hot.
Aren't you hot, Ms. Woo?
You should take that off.
It's okay.
- What? - Gosh.
I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry. - Did you get hurt?
It slipped. Here's a wet tissue.
Here, I'll wipe it.
I'm sorry, it slipped.
Look.
I told you.
She goes around without it. I told you.
Give it to me. It's 50 dollars each.
How can she not wear a bra?
Do a lot of women do that these days?
Is she a B?
B? No, no.
She's a full A.
A full A.
How do you know that?
I can tell when I look at it.
I just know.
Seriously. Only if I wasn't married.
I would get it on with Ms. Woo.
I would do that, you know.
Ms. Woo.
How long were you standing there?
Give me a light.
You do smoke.
Did you win a lot?
What?
I'm talking about the bet you made on my bra.
It was obvious since I'm a full A, right?
It looks like you're about the same size as me.
If you don't intend on working out, let me know.
I'll lend you mine.
Take it away.
I don't know the intention of your glance.
You know I hate such things.
What happens to you when you get married?
How did kimchi and vacation day...
get into your closed-off world of IT?
How did they penetrate?
Well, it was something predictable.
My parents are giving her trouble,
and I intend on paying it back through labor.
She was called to help prepare for a memorial service.
Ji Ho.
I got it.
Do you remember Uhm Byung Moon?
After the holidays, he picks up...
after his wife for a month.
She doesn't want to see anyone with the last name Uhm.
He'll be kicked out of the room, so he goes to the couch.
When his parents visit, he puts up an act...
as if he's the head of the house.
I really don't get what this is.
It's a social illness created by Korean parents.
They exploit their kids' partner by calling them family.
They are pressured to do physical and mental labor.
Then it's returned as a fight, a separation,
or a divorce of the children.
If someone has a rational mind,
it's a system they should never pick. Marriage.
Exactly. Never...
Then why did someone like you choose such a system?
I'm suddenly surprised.
All you think about are mortgage and Kitty.
Why did you choose to do something so irrational?
Is your wife a cat lover?
Unless you're getting rent from your wife,
it's hard for me to understand.
She's pretty.
It doesn't matter how pretty she is.
Did you forget? She's pretty.
- What's men's weakness? - Vision.
Then what if a pretty woman is in front of you?
- Would you look at her or not? - I would.
Then if you could see that woman every day,
would you marry her or not?
- I'd marry her no matter what. - Exactly.
Do you get it now?
I'm at the parking lot by your office's side door.
Come here in 20 minutes.
I'm really frustrated right now, so you better prepare yourself.
You should go home. I'll see you tomorrow.
I thought you had an important meeting today.
Something more important just got scheduled.
- Bye. Is that the side door? - No.
- The side door is over there. - Okay.
See you later.
- I'm sorry. - I'll do it.
I'm sorry. See you tomorrow. Bye.
Ta-da. Hello, baby.
All right.
Let's go eat first.
I told you, I'm frustrated.
What is it?
Something happened at work, didn't it?
No. What?
What's wrong? Nothing happened.
Tell me. I want to know.
Something happened, right?
Something annoying happened.
The male employees made a bet on something related to me.
What bet?
They betted 50 dollars each on whether I was wearing a bra or not.
What?
Gosh, why those little...
Forget it.
I gave them a lesson already.
How?
I threw my cigarette...
in Mr. Park's coffee cup like this.
Those punks are driving me crazy.
I'll earn a lot of money and buy your company for certain.
And I'll give those darn employees...
a hard time as my underlings forever.
How could they make a bet on such an issue?
What do they take you for?
What kind of women don't wear a bra at their company in the first place?
- Goodness. - Me.
What?
I haven't been in a bra all day today.
Are you serious?
What?
I'm on my way home now.
Have you had dinner?
Do you think I've had dinner at this hour?
No, I'll go eat at home.
I haven't eaten yet either.
Do you want to eat out for dinner today?
What? Dine out?
It's not necessary.
We both can't spend much on living expenses.
- Let's just... - Just take out ingredients...
from the fridge and make yourself something for dinner.
How can he ask to eat out for dinner...
with what he did yesterday?
He's more like an enemy than my husband.
Why did I get married in the first place?
Hey, you look very similar to someone I know.
- Who? - The lady next door.
She badmouths her husband with this look.
How can even your face expression be the same?
What? He supports the family?
He gives me a tiny amount of living expenses,
and he takes so much credit for it.
Goodness, I can't stand this.
- My life is so miserable. - Gosh.
I'm taking my day off tomorrow.
- Is that right? - Yes.
Let me know your parents' house address, and I'll go there in time.
Okay, I'll send you the address.
By the way,
I can't go there tomorrow.
I know.
You have to work.
You went to our memorial service alone.
So it's only right for me to go to your house alone too.
I'll work there for six hours just like you did.
Did you put the contract in your office?
No, it's in my briefcase.
Mr. Ma goes through my documents from time to time.
So I thought it'd be safer this way.
We'll be in trouble if Mr. Ma finds out about this.
Right, that should never happen.
Then it'll be only a matter of time Soo Ji finds out too.
What?
Didn't you know?
Mr. Ma and Soo Ji are dating.
They're dating?
How did that happen?
Tell me about it.
Humans are such interesting beings.
They don't look good together at all.
But how can they be in a relationship?
What is he talking about?
We're married too.
My girlfriend is braless?
People would notice it for certain.
You think they wouldn't, don't you? But they notice it right away.
It's their fault to notice it, not mine.
Of course, it's their fault. I'm sure about it, but...
Tell me honestly. Have you...
gone to work without wearing a bra before as well?
Sometimes.
I take it off when I work away and sometimes forget to wear it back on.
My goodness.
You're crazy.
I would've gone naked if I really were crazy.
Goodness.
Do you really have to talk back to every single word I say?
Understand me a little. I hate it.
Why are you so angry?
Soo Ji.
Can't you feel my heart?
My true worrying and loving heart?
I'm not sure.
Why do I feel like you're rationalizing yourself...
and romanticizing your possessiveness with love?
Why do you feel that way?
This is different from our contract.
Why do you intrude my privacy?
I'm glad you mentioned it.
You know what you wrote on the contract, right?
Here. Do you call this your privacy?
What's this? It's strange.
Where did you learn this bad habit of backing out?
Let's see.
"Two-year Term Lease Marriage Agreement".
What's this?
(Dating Agreement)
(Woo Soo Ji, Ma Sang Goo)
Ji Ho.
Take a look at this.
What's this? "Dating Agreement"?
Yes, this seems to be the dating agreement between Mr. Ma and Soo Ji.
I told you...
that they don't look good together at all.
And look here.
Soo Ji is the former,
and Mr. Ma is the latter.
Goodness, so it's real.
Why did they sign a contract on their dating?
Well, we're not in the position to say this.
By the way, how do you have this?
We bumped into each other a while ago. I think our stuff got mixed up,
and it ended up in my briefcase.
I see.
It's not like this got switched with our agreement, is it?
What?
(Two-year Term Lease Marriage Agreement)
You haven't dated him for long, but you're getting married?
Many people get married only after 2 or 3 months after the relationship.
Why do you keep calling him your landlord?
Did I?
- A part-time job? Why? - What?
Well, I need to work in order to pay for my rent...
I mean, our living expenses and phone bills.
Ji Ho, this crazy brat.
What do you have to give me this time?
Well...
It's the marinated crab which my mom sent me last time.
She gave this so that I could share with everyone.
And I forgot to give you some.
Thanks. I should call her once.
She's well, right?
Of course.
- She isn't ill or anything, is she? - Of course not.
- What about your lease marriage? - Of course.
You pay 250 dollars a month.
Hey, there are not many places that cost only that amount these days.
Soo Ji... Well...
If you're okay with it, can I move into his house after two years?
As his next wife.
- Come on. - What?
You did nothing good.
Crazy brat.
Crazy punk.
Goodness.
How did you even think about getting married though?
We all have different ways...
to live our lives.
But you did it just for your house.
You just did it just to get the rental fee!
It's not just for the house.
It's not just to get the rental fee.
You have no idea how important the house is.
You should also know...
money really matters too.
It was just an empty room to me.
However, it was something she really needed.
She was desperate to have her own room.
So I shared my place...
using the proper legal system.
I...
needed some money too.
Did Ji Ho...
remind you of her?
I'm sorry I couldn't tell you...
that my marriage wasn't real.
Of course, you couldn't tell me.
How could you tell me that?
By the way, why are you sorry?
You are the one who's suffering.
Are you really okay?
Of course.
It was my decision.
It takes a long time to decide something,
but when I do, I hardly regret my decision.
It doesn't look nothing to me.
Your marriage...
is not something you count as nothing.
You like your husband.
I mean, your landlord.
I have feelings for someone these days.
What do you mean?
Who is that?
My husband.
I don't think you felt that way at first.
Have you been falling for him while living together?
No, it's not.
Maybe I liked him from the start.
I don't know when I started to feel this way.
What about him?
Does he like you too?
No.
He doesn't even know...
that I like him.
There must be a way...
to reach someone's heart.
If there's a way,
(Shim Won Seok and Yang Ho Rang)
there must be...
where it starts.
Ho Rang!
Look!
Did you make it?
I'll put 500 dollars in it too!
As we promised, let's put 500 dollars a month from now on.
When the three-year-term ends,
we will move to somewhere nicer than here, am I right?
We will.
We have already saved 1,000 dollars.
We might end up buying a house with a front yard.
I prefer an apartment.
If that's what you want...
Let's do that!
(Shim Won Seok deposited 150 dollars.)
(Yang Ho Rang deposited 500 dollars.)
I'm so relieved now.
If you are going to have kids and raise them, it's not too soon.
Don't make my girl, Ho Rang, go through a hard time.
I won't.
I know you won't.
This is for celebrating your new job.
I hope you keep that job for a long time.
Don't think about developing your own application.
Do you hear me?
I do. Thank you so much for this.
That's good.
[VIU Ver] E11 Because This is My First Life
"Because This Is My First Beach"
-= Ruo Xi =-
If there's a way to reach someone's heart,
there must be somewhere...
we should meet...
at the end.
Ho Rang, are you asleep?
You are home.
You are late.
You smell like soju.
I drank a bit.
Ho Rang.
Do you want to go on a date with me this weekend?
A date?
Yes, a date.
Let's go out and eat something nice.
We can watch a movie too.
You told me there's a play you wanted to see.
I will book that too.
Okay. Let's do that.
Will there be a different way that starts...
from where our hearts meet?
But the thing I'm afraid of the most is...
not that we have different ways,
nor that we'll never meet on the way.
What I'm afraid of the most is...
I talked to Mr. Ma and it went well.
I will sleep first.
that there's no way to reach your heart.
What if there's just no way to reach your heart...
at all?
That's what I'm afraid of.
I received the address.
I'll go help your family make kimchi.
But for now,
I can't do anything about it.
I don't know the way to reach his heart.
But he does know where to go make kimchi.
That's him,
and I like him.
For now,
that is enough.
Really?
Just some bottles of makgeolli won't be enough while making kimchi.
Just get a lot that's enough to fill a whole bucket.
Okay.
Ji Seok and our daughter-in-law will be here soon.
It's not even a national event.
Why did you tell her to come here? She's pregnant.
Where's Ji Ho? When is she going to be here?
Ji Ho doesn't have time for that.
She is busy making her living in Seoul.
She's doing nothing at home. What's making her busy?
She's married now. She should learn how to make kimchi.
Goodness.
Hey, Ji Ho. What's going on?
What? Who's coming here?
Yes, later to help you.
What about your work?
I can't go,
but someone else will go in place of me.
Who's coming?
Hey! It's cold. Close the window.
You've deviated from the original course.
- What? - This is not the right direction.
I'm searching for the right direction.
You're making so much.
How could you buy 100 heads of cabbage...
when we don't have enough people to work on?
Don't worry about it.
We'll be done before your husbands come home.
By the way, is Ji Ho not coming?
- Ji Ho? - Yes.
Oh, right.
She told me someone else is coming instead of her.
Who?
- Excuse me. - I don't know.
She told me to wait and see.
Excuse me.
Hello.
Hey, Se Hee.
What are you doing here?
- Well... - He's Ji Ho's husband?
- You're good-looking. - He is.
- He's good-looking - He really is.
- You're insane. - What?
- Goodness. - Stop it.
The whole neighborhood looks better with him in it.
I'm here to help you with making kimchi.
So you're the one Ji Ho said...
- That's right. It's me. - Who's here?
Hey, my son-in-law!
What's going on? What are you doing here?
I'm here to help with making kimchi.
Kimchi?
Yes.
Come on in. Welcome.
Bring us something to drink.
Come on in.
We can have bossam after they make kimchi for us.
- Take a seat. - No, that's not right.
I'm not here to have bossam but to help with making kimchi.
I must help her make kimchi.
What?
Actually,
Ji Ho helped with the ancestral rites...
in my parents' place.
That's why I agreed with her to share my labor...
and time equivalent of how she spent hers in my parents'.
What are you talking about?
It's only natural for a daughter-in-law to do that.
Is that right? She helped in your parents' place?
Yes, she did.
Stop talking nonsense, and sit down here.
Let's have a drink.
- I can't... - You'll have to get changed.
You'll need something else to wear. Do you want mine?
- Sure. I'd appreciate that. - Okay.
I've arrived at your parents' place.
We're making kimchi now.
Is there something wrong?
What? No, it's nothing.
Hey, Soo Ji is here.
She's pretty as usual. She's totally my type.
What?
Nothing.
Your type...
changes so fast.
You used to tell me how pretty I am.
I just thought you were a little cute.
You're actually not my type.
What? He went to make kimchi in Namhae?
Yes.
He's as amazing as you are.
No wonder you two signed such a contract.
What if he falls sick and can't make it back to Seoul?
I'm sure your mom bought about 100 heads of cabbage.
I don't think they'll make him help.
He'll probably have some bossam and come back.
I knew it already that they won't make him help.
Put that in here.
Where did the garlic go?
How come you're so weak?
Pull it!
My goodness.
Look at him.
Put it over there.
Thank you.
- It's hectic, right? - It is.
They're really salty as they've been preserved in salt.
- They are? - Yes.
That's why you can't season them right away.
You have to rinse them in clean water first.
Then put them in the basket. Do you get it?
Rinse them in clean water...
- and put them there? - That's right. Give it a go.
My goodness. That's not helping.
Wash them like how I'm washing them.
Okay, I'll do that.
How can a newly-wed be so weak?
Would he be able to make a baby?
Don't you know skinny men are better at that?
Stop talking nonsense in front of my son-in-law.
- That was funny. - I know.
Skinny men are better.
No, no. Wash them one more time.
What... What do you mean?
I mean you have to wash them like this again.
Oh, like that. I see.
- Like this. - I mean...
wash them with much strength.
Gosh, I can't believe this.
Okay.
Why on earth would you hit my son-in-law's back, you wench?
What's this? He's really making kimchi?
What? Why would she hit him?
She's crazy.
Please take my order.
Sure!
I'll go take it. You can leave.
- Where to? - Where your husband is.
If you're that concerned, you should go see him.
But you have to come work during the weekend.
Gosh, this is going to take forever.
Put them over here.
What?
- Mr. Nam! - Yes, ma'am!
Come carry this for me.
Why is he just sitting there?
How useless.
I guess he's really here to help with kimchi.
My gosh. He's really weird.
Squeeze them tight.
I've fed them.
Where did he go though?
Kitty. Hey, Kitty?
Are you here?
When did you come in here?
My gosh, you're in trouble.
(Poem Collection)
I've been meaning to read this.
Would it be okay for me to borrow this?
I'll return it after reading it.
(To Se Hee, my love and my everything)
I guess he got this from someone.
That's enough. You can go take a rest.
No, that's okay. I still have some more time to fill.
Since I took my day off, I better use the most of it.
Se Hee, are you okay?
Of course.
Ji Ho.
What are you doing here? You just left last time after yelling at me.
What's this? Is this your new business now?
I bought the ones that are most comfortable.
One of them must fit you.
So try them.
If you still find them uncomfortable,
I'll try my best to look for...
something that'd make you comfortable.
I'm sorry...
that I made you feel as though I was pressuring you.
I'll try to fix it.
So you should be...
considerate of me as well.
You know how I hate it...
when other men look at my woman...
and imagine weird stuff.
Okay. I'm sorry too.
I'm sorry for thinking it's crossing the line.
How could you just turn off your phone? It made me anxious!
That's because of a meeting.
Wait for me for about an hour. Let's have dinner together.
- Dinner? - Wait for me around here.
Darn it.
I'm dying for her.
Thank you.
Are you okay?
How are your back and shoulders?
They ache a bit, but I guess they'll be okay soon.
No.
I should go to a pharmacy...
and get some patches before they get worse.
Ji Ho.
Why did you come?
What about the cafe?
I've arranged a few things.
You don't have to worry about it.
Did you...
come because you were worried about me?
Yes.
I see.
I was really happy to see you...
here.
Thank you.
(Namhae Pharmacy)
(A Visitor)
"Meeting someone in life..."
"is something that's actually astonishing."
"That's because..."
"he brings himself with his past, present,"
"and,"
"his future."
"That's because someone's whole life comes along."
"The heart is fragile."
"Therefore, it might have been broken."
"That heart is coming too."
(Live your life as though nothing happened. Don't ever love someone.)
I was curious to know...
what kind of paths...
your heart went through.
(A Love Story, Christmas in August, A Moment to Remember)
(Ji Ho's)
The reason my heart hurts so much...
(Don't ever love someone. You don't have the right to love.)
when I learned of the path his heart went through...
isn't jealousy...
nor frustration.
12 years ago,
(It's Christmas Eve! Soo Ji will be a CEO, Ho Rang will be a good wife.)
I dreamed of loving someone.
The fact that...
you ended your love...
was a bit...
sad.
- Cheers! - Cheers!
Gosh, my son-in-law.
Good work today.
Here. Let me pour you one.
Have you ever seen anyone like him?
My son-in-law came all the way here to help us making kimchi.
Your daughter must be stressing him out a lot.
You are a man. Why did you come here to help your wife's family?
What do you mean?
When a husband adores his wife,
he can even kiss the fence of his wife's house.
Don't you think he does this because my girl, Ji Ho, is beautiful?
Stop bragging!
Is that true?
Did you come here because you adore your wife that much?
Answer me!
Stop bragging!
Is that true?
Did you come here because you adore your wife that much?
Answer me!
Yes, she is beautiful.
That's why I'm here.
I quite like you.
Let me pour you a glass.
My glass is still full.
You should empty it now and take another one.
I see.
Here you are.
Drink it.
Drink!
Okay.
Se Hee, wait!
- Yes? - Here!
- Do you need me now? - Yes!
- Let's drink now. - Let's drink!
Are you okay? You were drinking a lot.
I don't think...
I'm okay.
I think I'm almost hitting my limit.
Where is the son-in-law?
- Where is he? - Come with me!
He won't let you go anywhere.
If you keep drinking what he gives you, that can kill you.
You should've have told me that sooner.
Where's Ji Ho? Did she go somewhere?
She went to get my medication, but she's not coming back yet.
Don't come back soon then.
Come back after walking around a bit.
Call Ji Ho, spend some time with her and come back.
- I will. - Let's go.
- Are you tired? - I am.
Let's go.
Do you know it's actually the first time we're eating together?
Really?
We ate together before.
What do you mean? We were just drinking makgeolli.
You drank six bottles and got really drunk.
It's made of rice anyway. So I'll count that as a meal.
Let's eat like this from now on...
at least three times a week. It's an order.
But why though?
Do you know how important it is?
Do you have any idea why people are always talking about food?
It's the best way to get closer to each other.
I guess so. That's why Ji Ho fell for him too.
What do you mean?
I mean,
Ji Ho fell for her landlord.
My friend likes your friend.
Don't tell your friend though.
It looks like one-way love.
Do you think it is?
What?
Do you think Se Hee doesn't know...
Ji Ho likes him?
Ji Ho.
Ji Ho!
He knows Ji Ho likes him?
Yes, he does.
How about him then?
How does he feel about Ji Ho?
I like their rice. It's really fresh.
Ji Ho has never dated anyone before. She doesn't know anything.
I asked you because I'm worried about her.
Se Hee must be scared because he knows.
He knows what love is.
That's why he's more scared. Don't you think so?
You could have refused...
that makgeolli.
You are good at that normally.
Why could you not do it today?
- What's going on? - This is how you felt...
when I asked you why you went to my house for the rites.
You felt sad like I'm feeling now.
The sea looks great.
I haven't looked at it for a while.
Me too.
I mean,
I have never looked at it...
with someone who's not my family or my friends.
You are neither of them.
I've never looked at it...
with a man.
You haven't done a lot of things. I never expected that.
That's true.
I was always busy in my 20s.
So I haven't done...
a lot of things.
I don't know a lot of things either.
There's a poem...
I liked when I was in my 20s.
It goes like,
"Meeting someone in life..."
"is when someone's whole life comes along."
"The heart is fragile."
"Therefore, it might have been broken."
"That heart is coming too."
When I loved that poem,
I didn't know what it meant.
But when I found out the meaning,
I couldn't like the poem anymore.
There are a lot of things...
you can never do again when you actually know about them.
So I'm...
envious of you, Ji Ho.
You may not know about things,
but it's a good thing.
So...
don't worry too much.
It's the same to you, Se Hee.
Even though you've seen a sea before,
this sea you are looking at now is a different one.
Even though you know it well, and even though you've done it before,
Having the moment with that person is the first time for you.
Like our marriage.
Like the kiss at the bus stop.
I believe what happens after those moments...
is no one's fault.
It...
just happened to be that way.
Like some waves keep on flowing...
while the others break.
It just happens that way.
So...
Se Hee,
don't worry too much.
It's not like...
you know all about today...
just because you lived yesterday.
"Meeting someone in life is actually something astonishing."
"That's because..."
"someone's whole life comes along."
"The heart is fragile."
"Therefore,"
"it might have been broken."
"That heart..."
"is coming too."
Now I know why people go to the sea when they feel suffocated.
You can face your heart here.
What?
By the way, there's something I've been wanting to correct.
What you did at the bus stop isn't a kiss. It's more like a peck.
Why did he have to...
Okay.
In a way, it can't be called a peck either.
If I were to define it,
it'd more like lips making physical contact with other lips.
That should be the right definition.
Okay, I get it.
That can't be called a kiss.
That's not how you kiss someone.
Okay, I was bad at it.
Yes, exactly. This is...
how you kiss.
Do you get it now?
Or...
should we do it more?
I want to do it more.
His fragile heart.
The heart that might have been broken before.
His heart...
came to me.
(Because This Is My First Life)
I'm totally feeling the love.
She's pretty.
Don't you want to sleep with him?
I mean, you two live together.
Go wash up first.
Why did I do that?
I'm thinking about that kiss so many times a day.
You silly.
It's about our marriage.
Can you wait a little more?
I'm just curious about my girlfriend's house.
You're out.
What do young people do on a date these days?
I'm afraid of myself...
hurting someone again.